hi guys today on Davis can cook we are
making southern baked macaroni and
cheese this recipe is very similar to
the one I made on the Nate Berkus show
and it is one of my favorite so let's
get started okay first you want to start
by bringing a pot of salted water to a
boil then we're gonna throw in that
macaroni and cook it until it's al dente
I usually cook like a minute below else
and say okay so check the back of your
box okay
all right now we're gonna grease up our
casserole dish with some butter now I
have drained that pasta so I'm going to
go ahead and add it to my casserole dish
in a large bowl I'm gonna add in some
heavy cream I'm gonna add in some milk
and then we're going to add in my
cheese's I'm using a sharp cheddar I got
some Monterey Kobe Jack there and I have
some Velveeta as well go ahead and throw
that into the milk mixture and now just
stir it up just like that okay now add
in some salt and pepper and just stir it
in that salt and pepper you can also add
in some onion powder and paprika
whatever now you want to taste it make
sure you taste it this is very important
you want it to taste really really good
I cannot tell how many times I've had
boring macaroni and cheese taste it and
get it just right when you have it just
right go ahead and throw in those eggs
okay go ahead and stir that on in there
like that all right
okay so now it's gonna pour this mixture
on top of the cooked pasta and I guess
you can dump this all in a bowl and then
just you know pour it in there I do
things backwards sometimes I don't know
why okay fine no one's gonna make sure
that everything is nice and even and
covered up just like so and now when I'm
content with it I'm gonna sprinkle on
that smoked cheddar do not forget this
smoked cheddar you guys it really adds
that pop it makes it unique and they get
a lot of compliments okay
so go ahead and add that smoked cheddar
on there I'm also gonna put on some more
of that Colby Monterey Jack as well okay
I'm gonna pop it into the oven and bake
it for about 35 minutes and then out
come this beauty right here I love how
that cheese at top cheese has kind of
made like a crust oh my gosh so good but
you want to let this sit for about ten
minutes before you go digging into it so
that it has time to set up and then you
are done it is so good I hope you guys
enjoyed this video you can get the
recipe XD what's been cooked calm bye
you